no more sad boy in flashpoint berry is
loving his new world living at home like
a loser and creepily stuck on that poor
girl Bosh's now Wally Cisco is ballin
everyone's like this cake then Barry
loses memories as I made a huge mistake
yeah reversing the death of returning to
present were in subtly different and
that it's a fall for Cisco is sad and
iris ain't bad and we'll see is that but
he's dumber
ain't no with busting it don't take too
much to get everyone's fluff packing
gears though because that's what it's
like when you're dumpster right breaking
23 EPS in a year from since we feared
Caitlin's mind been chopped and screwed
with torn between being a genius and an
angry AC unit now boys in the cast now
when he blacks out Cohn alchemy and uses
the Philosopher's Stone in the biz they
call that synergy
they have mini playing even Joe gates
again man this romance is ramping up man
Cisco's girl that's enough 19 and
nerdier excuse that Canada crossover
action when the alien factions come to
the city and invade and Jordan after the
errors cast can relive the past abroad
it wouldn't be flashed without trying to
catch his feet sir connected two pair he
don't have metal though he mr. Barry
clone you to put gel in his hair and to
stop the tragedy of Barry having an even
worse do in the future find an adorable
physicist to build them as fevers
bazooka
get that alien jewel at the
anthropomorphic shard then freaky
furnace which rip HR Caitlin sweat
skills sabotage mother mana teske Speed
Force needs a prisoner for reasons and
Barry's gotta go so let's postpone that
wedding till next season the show goes
off the rails ain't no reason to hate it
his mood keep it tight he still can't
deny all the jobs and it created kill
it's nothing but checks in the bank you
we telling agents and execs to take so
the world at the steel mill - grocery
bag in while Ryder's props in sound
Makdessi force bazooka back bed and oh
sure that Bloods got inconsistencies the
23 fzo this job security in
Street it's pickle and jobs a guaranteed
but let's get back to the recap cuz
that's what y'all want to see no more
old flash just Kid Flash and he'll have
the same essence Mary comeback is
praying as a whack like a beautiful mind
makes less sense crop-dusted a bustle
dimetric buttload of dark matter and
gave her and the people a grab bag of
powers least now that they've got any
faster just stretch here like Ralphie
here for my gum shooter dumb dude
cartoonish laquifa cuz that's what was
missing but that's what this show has
come to a fund a job for Jay and Silent
Bob and Trejo to make cameos I counsel
the Bulls just Cavanaugh workshopping
his one-man show and OS down in that
ship will be making its next stop though
they have a same chemistry is a damp rag
and a wet mop and I'm trying to just go
with one small exception not these
appear from another dimension it cause
I've awaited that very Marisa sister
let's turn to the real threat that guy
in the chair with the armrest no need
for speed no letter just tweet that's
riders taking a hard left two casualties
the same catastrophe the turn demanding
human Google his master plans make it
stupid fun alright that's what he says
okay very strange for the murder of the
boat so he goes to the joint buddies up
with Goldberg and attempts a beard but
Davos mind swaps and wait hunter folks
and his wife got the best one in Florida
near meanwhile blacksmithing really
practice a British accent and now
Barry's outrun and flashed on route like
none of this half
plan is unfolding me telekinesis to stop
them it's a ferry incident phobia to my
ball keeping that baby from pomp and and
talk about stress parameters mess the
evil is back in remission then West I
will to chicken in with the catchphrase
this house is bad chance
yeah it's off-the-wall this premise is
insane
but with fun in its corn and Teen Choice
Awards can anyone really comply down set
that sigh fine nonsense to decide and
realize that you're witnessing the crime
Jesse I'll one who wants his Broadway
chops to keep cash in his wallet tucked
over my head and the odds but his kid's
gotta get through college and stuff that
editors keep it's a tease people need
employment there why not take this wacky
jog when they get a little enjoyment
says write your tweets and blogs as long
as you keep watching all these people
keep their jobs but that's not a bad
thing that was the fly of seasons 3 & 4
y'all this is recap reps and they speak
into it this is kind of my job you know
I live in a booth and I need to pay rent
so y'all gotta keep watching dummy hey
what's up y'all thanks watch if you want
to see another flash video click the box
to the left or to see another dope video
pick the box on the right
well we'll see you next week unless
something weird happens with the
timeline that we all know about until it
actually happens or for now